lib: update ZBOSS libraries with LTO enabled (#129)
nrfconnect/ncs-zigbee: samples/light_switch/README.rst

.. include:: /includes/zigbee_bt_dfu_activation.txt

.. _zigbee_light_switch_touchlink:

Touchlink variant
-----------------

> Enable ``CONFIG_ZIGBEE_TOUCHLINK_INITIATOR=y`` when building the light switch sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the ``CONFIG_ZIGBEE_TOUCHLINK_INITIATOR`` Kconfig option when building the light switch sample.
```

The device acts as a Touchlink initiator and can commission directly with a nearby Touchlink target (the :ref:`zigbee_light_bulb_sample` built with ``CONFIG_ZIGBEE_TOUCHLINK_TARGET=y``) without a Zigbee Coordinator.

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: nRF54 DKs

      Short-press **Button 2** during normal operation to start Touchlink commissioning.

      .. note::

>          **Button 2** also enables sleepy End Device behavior when held during reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      .. note::
         **Button 2** also enables sleepy End Device behavior if you hold it down during reset.
```

   .. group-tab:: nRF52 and nRF53 DKs

      Short-press **Button 3** during normal operation to start Touchlink commissioning.

      .. note::

>          **Button 3** also enables sleepy End Device behavior when held during reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         **Button 3** also enables sleepy End Device behavior if you hold it down during reset.
```
